[urinal flushing]
- [panting]
OH.
HOO, MAMA.
OH, YEAH, THERE IT IS.
THERE IT IS.
THERE WE GO.
OH, MAN.
[groaning]
[crying]
[sobbing]
WHY?
WHOO!
OKAY.
LET'S START PEEING.
[zipper opens]
[urine rushing forcefully]
[zipper closes]
THERE WE GO.
[urinal flushes]
- WHAT THE F--
[haunting Western music]
♪ ♪
- YOU KNOW, LIKE, IN A SPY MOVIE
OR, LIKE, A JAMES BOND MOVIE,
THERE WILL ALWAYS BE, LIKE,
A COLORFUL HENCHMAN.
- THAT GUY IS 99% OF THE TIME
MORE FEMININE THAN THE LEAD.
- THAN THE--
YES, EXACTLY.
- GAY PEOPLE ARE EVIL
IS WHAT THEY'RE TRYING TO SAY.
- GAY PEOPLE IS EVIL--THAT'S
WHAT THEY'RE TRYING TO SAY.
- THAT'S WHAT'S GOING ON.
- WE KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
- THESE DUDES IS PUTTING...
[deep voice]
THE ALPHA BAD-ASS TYPE
IN THE LEAD, 'CAUSE
THAT'S WHAT PURE GOODNESS IS.
- RIGHT, RIGHT.
- [effeminately]
AND THEN THE FOP.
WELL, THE FOP
IS TRYING TO KILL THE PRESIDENT.
- [effeminately]
I'M A DANGEROUS FOP.
TALKING ABOUT
CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER.
- TALKING ABOUT
IN THE LINE OF FIRE, RIGHT?
- OH, MAN.
- PLIP.
- WAIT A MINUTE,
WHAT DID I JUST POUND OUT?
WHAT MOVIE?
- IN THE LINE OF FIRE.
- YEAH, MAN.
- WHAT DID I SAY--
CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER?
- [mumbling]
- IN THE LINE OF FIRE.
- DIFFERENT POLITICAL
SENTENCE TITLE.
- THAT'S THE ONE.
[laughing]
YEAH, RIGHT.
[tense music]
WELL, WELL, WELL...
JACK, WELCOME.
MAKE YOURSELF COMFORTABLE.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE HERE
FOR QUITE SOME TIME.
- YOU'LL NEVER GET AWAY
WITH THIS, DRAVIC.
[spits]
- THAT IS ALL, DAQUAN.
LEAVE US.
♪ ♪
NOW, WHERE WERE WE, THEN?
- [chuckles]
YOU'RE WASTING
YOUR TIME, DRAVIC.
THE MILITARY CODES
WERE DESTROYED.
- IS THAT SO?
I THINK YOU'RE BLUFFING, JACK,
AND I AM ABOUT TO CALL...
YOUR BLUFF.
YOU SEE, JACK,
I AM A PLAYER IN THIS GAME.
BUT...
[chuckles]
I'M ALSO THE DEALER.
I HOLD ALL OF THE CARDS.
[door rattles]
[sighs, clears throat]
[chuckles]
YOU SEE, JACK,
IF I WERE TO GO ALL-IN,
YOU WOULD NOT BE ABLE
TO COVER THE BET.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I WAS THINKING, LIKE,
MAYBE I COULD BE, LIKE,
YOUR TORTURING ASSISTANT
OR SOMETHING?
I COULD BE
IN THE ROOM WITH YOU
AND BE THAT GUY
THAT STANDS IN THE BACKGROUND
ALL INTIMIDATING-LIKE.
AND THAT WAY--
- FINE, FINE.
OVER THERE,
AND KEEP YOUR TRAP SHUT.
- YEAH, THAT'S WHAT I--
THAT'S WHAT I WAS THINKING.
- [chuckles]
- ARE YOU TWO DONE
WITH YOUR LITTLE LADIES' CHAT?
- OH!
SHOULDN'T HAVE SAID THAT.
- YOU KNOW, JACK, IT'S VERY
APROPOS THAT YOU WOULD SAY THAT,
BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE
WE SHOULD HAVE A CHAT.
AND WHEN I SAY "WE,"
I MEAN JUST YOU AND ME.
ARE YOU A CHESS PLAYER, JACK?
- SURE.
- SO THEN YOU ARE AWARE
THAT EACH PIECE
SERVES A DIFFERENT FUNCTION.
[plastic crinkling]
YOU S--
[crinkling stops]
WHEREAS YOU ARE
MERELY A PAWN,
YOU SEE, JACK, I AM A QUEEN.
[plastic crinkling]
[crinkling stops]
I AM ALLOWED TO MOVE
AROUND THE BOARD WITH IMPUNITY.
[plastic crinkling]
WHAT IS WITH THE LOLLIPOP?
- YO, MAN, I WAS THINKING, LIKE,
MAYBE DURING YOUR CHESS SPEECH,
YOU COULD SUCK
ON THIS LOLLIPOP,
'CAUSE THEN
THAT SHOWS HIM, LIKE,
YOU SO COMFORTABLE
WITH TORTURE,
YOU JUST DO SOMETHING STUPID
LIKE SUCKING ON A LOLLIPOP.
YOU SEE WHAT I'M SAYING?
[thud]
- I NEED YOU TO GO
OVER THERE RIGHT NOW.
I NEED YOU TO BE STILL.
OKAY?
- OR--
- NO.
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY
NO "OR" INVOLVED.
GO OVER THERE.
- OKAY.
YOU SHOULDN'T CALL YOURSELF
A QUEEN, THOUGH,
'CAUSE WHERE I'M FROM,
THAT MEANS SOMETHING DIFFERENT
THAN WHAT--
- SHH.
[breathes deeply]
JACK...
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR THIS MOMENT
FOR A VERY, VERY LONG TIME.
I WANTED TO MAKE
AN INTRODUCTION
TO YOUR NEW BEST FRIEND.
[laughs evilly]
- I'LL NEVER TALK.
- OH, THIS WILL MAKE
YOU TALK, JACK.
- PLUS, YOU DON'T EVEN
NEED TO STAB HIM AT FIRST.
YOU COULD JUST, LIKE, CARESS
HIS CHEEK WITH THE BLADE--
SOMETHING JUST REAL,
LIKE, CRAZY.
- YEAH, I GOT IT. I GOT IT.
- YEAH, YOU GOOD.
- THAT'S WHAT
I WAS PLANNING ON DOING.
I'M SORRY.
WHERE DID WE FIND YOU?
- SHAQUAN'S COUSIN.
- WHO IS SHAQUAN?
- SHAQUAN.
- NO, NO.
I'M ASKING YOU WHO HE IS.
- HE GOT KICKED INTO SOME LAVA,
SO THAT'S WHEN I CAME IN.
- OKAY.
THAT'S WONDERFUL.
I NEED YOU TO GO OVER THERE,
AND I NEED YOU TO BE
STOCK-STILL,
LIKE A STATUE.
- AH, YEAH, YEAH.
- NOW.
LIKE, YOU NEED TO
KEEP MOVING IN THAT DIRECTION.
- NO.
YEAH, I'M GOOD.
- [sighs]
JACK...
THE MILITARY CODES ARE NOT EVEN
THE PRIMARY REASON
WHY YOU ARE HERE.
I WANTED YOU ALL TO MYSELF.
HE'S STANDING BACK THERE
LIKE AN ACTUAL STATUE, ISN'T HE?
- YEAH, IT'S WEIRD.
- GOD DAMN HIM.
DAQUAN, YOU DON'T HAVE TO STAND
LIKE AN ACTUAL STATUE--
NOT LITERALLY.
I DIDN'T MEAN IT LITERALLY.
- OH, ALL RIGHT.
I THOUGHT THAT SOUNDED STUPID
WHEN YOU SAID THAT ORIGINALLY.
- YEAH, IT WOULD BE STUPID
FOR A PERSON
TO DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
- SHOOT, 'CAUSE I DIDN'T KNOW.
I WAS LIKE, "WHAT?
THAT DOESN'T MAKE"--
- OKAY.
JACK...
TODAY YOU WILL EXPERIENCE
THE MOST EXQUISITE PAIN.
I MAY OR MAY NOT--
- OH! YO!
WE GOT PICTURES
OF HIS GIRLFRIEND.
- UH-HUH.
- THAT'S IT.
THAT'S PRETTY MUCH TORTURE
OVER RIGHT THERE.
YOU COULD JUST SHOW HIM PICTURES
OF HIS GIRLFRIEND,
AND HE'LL DO WHATEVER YOU SAY.
THERE IT IS.
OH!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
EVEN BETTER--WE GOT A CAGE.
IT'S GOT A HOLE AT THE BOTTOM,
SO YOU COULD PUT THAT
OVER HIS HEAD.
AND THIS OTHER HOLE--
YOU COULD PUT, LIKE,
A RAT OR A SCORPION
UP IN THERE.
- THAT'S WHAT IT'S THERE FOR,
DAQUAN, ALL RIGHT?
THAT IS WHAT IT IS THERE FOR
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
ALL OF THE IMPLEMENTS THAT
YOU'RE SEEING ON THE TABLE THERE
ARE THERE
FOR A PARTICULAR REASON!
- WHAT ABOUT THAT?
- OH!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DAQUAN, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO BE INVOLVED?
- THAT'S WHAT I WAS THINKING
SINCE THE BEGINNING.
[tense music]
I WAS THINKING...
MAYBE YOU SHOULD JUST TELL HIM,
LIKE, THE MILITARY CODES.
[haunting Western music]
- I SMOKED WEED, LIKE, YOU KNOW,
FIVE TIMES IN MY WHOLE LIFE.
- UH-HUH.
- AND ONE TIME, MAN...
I DON'T KNOW
IF IT WAS GOOD WEED
OR IF THERE WAS SOMETHING
IN THE WEED,
BUT I WAS JUST, LIKE--EVERYTHING
I SAW WAS LIKE COLORFORMS.
- MM-HMM, MM-HMM.
- AND THERE WAS THIS ONE GIRL
WHO I WENT TO SCHOOL WITH,
SHE JUST LOOKED LIKE--
HER FACE WAS, LIKE,
STRAIGHT CRAGGY,
LIKE A CARTOON YOU MIGHT SEE.
- IN REAL LIFE OR...
- A LITTLE IN REAL LIFE,
BUT THEN IT WAS SUPER--
- IT ACCENTUATED.
- IT GOT ACCENTUATED.
AND I WAS JUST "STWIPED" OUT
FOR, LIKE, 48 HOURS.
AND I HAD TO GO TO
THE PET STORE THE NEXT DAY
AND JUST HANG OUT,
LOOK AT SOME FISH...
- [laughs]
- 'CAUSE I WAS--
I WAS JACKED OUT.
- YEAH, YOU DID.
- AND THEN I GOT SUPER SAD,
AND THEN I THREW UP IN MY BEARD.
AND THEN I WAS LIKE,
"THIS IS NOT GOOD."
- [laughing]
YOU HAD A BEARD!
- I HAD A BIG-ASS--
BIG JAMES HARDEN BEARD.
[school bell rings]
[indistinct chatter]
OKAY, STUDENTS, SETTLE DOWN.
SETTLE DOWN.
THAT INCLUDES YOU,
MR. RODRIGUEZ.
DO YOU WANT TO TAKE THE MILK
CARTON OFF OF YOUR HEAD?
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
WE HAVE A SPECIAL GUEST TODAY.
HE'S FROM THIS NEIGHBORHOOD,
AND HE'S A FORMER GANG MEMBER,
AND HE'S COMING HERE
THIS MORNING TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT LIFE CHOICES.
SO, PLEASE, GIVE A WARM
CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL WELCOME
TO DONNIE HERRERA.
[applause]
- I USED TO BE JUST LIKE YOU...
[melancholy piano music]
JUST LIKE YOU, YOU, YOU, YOU.
USED TO CLOWN AROUND...
MAKE FUN OF THE PRINCIPAL...
PUT MILK ON MY HEAD,
JUST LIKE YOU, RODRIGUEZ.
AND THEN...
I GOT HIT WITH AIDS.
CONSEQUENCES.
GOT INTO SOME
REAL TROUBLE, BOY.
STOLE FROM MY MOM AND DAD...
STOLE FROM MY OWN SISTER!
AND THEN ONE DAY...
A PIANO FELL ON MY HEAD.
- WHAT?
- CONSEQUENCES.
- I FEEL LIKE
HE MISSED A STEP THERE.
- GAVE ME 88 CONCUSSIONS,
ONE FOR EACH KEY.
YOU'D THINK I'M LEARNING,
BUT, NO.
SEE, I'M JUST LIKE YOU.
I GOT BACK OUT THERE,
STARTED MAKING
SOME REAL CRIMES, HOMEBOY.
OH, YEAH.
AND THEN...
I GOT TRAMPLED
BY A HERD OF BUFFALO.
- WHAT?
- CONSEQUENCES.
- OKAY, DONNIE,
I THINK WE'VE HAD ENOUGH.
- NOT DONE WITH MY STORY!
I WAS LIKE YOU!
I DECIDED IT'D BE COOL
TO HANG OUT
WITH SOME OF THE TOUGH KIDS.
MM. YOU KNOW
WHO I'M TALKING ABOUT.
THEY WERE HANGING
ON THE STREETS LATE AT NIGHT.
MORE THAN
CIGARETTE SMOKERS, HOMES.
AND THEN...
ONE DAY I GOT SHOT
OUT OF A CATAPULT.
- THAT'S IT.
OKAY.
- INTO THE MOUTH OF A DRAGON!
- STUDENTS, EVERYTHING YOU'VE
HEARD HERE TODAY IS A LIE.
- I DON'T LIE ANYMORE.
- YOU'RE ALL EXCUSED.
- LOOK AT ME!
- PLEASE, I APOLOGIZE.
- I SHOULDN'T EVEN BE HERE!
- THANK YOU, AURELIO.
I APOLOGIZE, DENISE.
- SO I GOT REALLY DEEP
INTO CRIME.
I DID A DRIVE-BY AT MY OWN
DAUGHTER'S QUINCEAÑERA!
YEAH, SHOT UP EVERYBODY--
DEAD, KILLED!
YEAH!
THEN I GOT SUCKED
INTO A WORMHOLE.
CONSEQUENCES.
- THAT'S IT. OKAY.
EVERYBODY GO.
- I WAS IN ANOTHER DIMENSION,
TRIED TO INTRODUCE
MY OWN PARENTS TO EACH OTHER.
ALMOST FAILED.
ARM WAS DISAPPEARING.
- I'VE HAD IT.
- I INVENTED JOHNNY B. GOODE
AT MY PARENTS' PROM,
AND AT THE LAST MOMENT,
THEY KISSED, AND IT CAME BACK.
- THE FASTER WE GET AWAY
FROM HIM, THE BETTER.
- BUT NOBODY BELIEVE ME!
WHERE'S MY CRACK?
OH.
[booming crash]
OH!
CONSEQUENCES!
- WHAT UP, VEGAS?
YO!
- WHAT'S UP?
- THREE DAYS...
ME AND YOU, FREE DRINKS,
NAKED BIOTCHES.
- THIS IS GONNA BE
OUR [bleep] RIGHT HERE, DOG.
THIS IS GONNA BE MY--
LET'S GET SOME JAMS
GOING UP IN THIS BITCH
RIGHT NOW!
- YEAH.
- NUMBER ONE THREE WEEKS
RUNNING,
IT'S ROLL WITH ME.
- OH, [bleep]!
THAT'S MY JAM RIGHT THERE.
I LOVE THIS SONG.
- I LOVE THIS SONG TOO, MAN.
EVERYBODY LOVES THIS SONG.
- WHAT, UH-HUH.
[woman vocalizing]
WHAT?
both: ♪ ROLL WITH ME,
ROLL WITH ME ♪
♪ LIGHT THE NIGHT ON FIRE
WITH ME ♪
- ♪ GIRL, YOU KNOW THAT I GOT
WHAT YOU NEED, SEE ♪
♪ DON'T GET GREEDY ♪
- [mumbling]
- ♪ GIVE IT UP SWEETLY ♪
♪ LET ME SET THAT BODY FREE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE WHAT YOU GOT,
YOU GOT TO GIVE IT TO ME ♪
♪ WHAT? ♪
- ♪ WHAT? ♪
- ♪ LIGHT THE NIGHT ON FIRE
WITH ME ♪
- ♪ EVER SINCE
I WAS ROCKING A ONESIE ♪
♪ I KNOW THAT YOU WAS ♪
both:
♪ SECOND TO NONE, B ♪
- [mumbling]
- ♪ GROWING UP ♪
♪ AND LEARNING ABCs
AND 1, 2, 3s ♪
♪ HOPING YOU'D LEARN WE ♪
♪ WERE MEANT TO BE ♪
♪ EVEN WAY BACK THEN ♪
♪ EVERY LITTLE [bleep]'S
NOT A PERFECT TEN ♪
♪ BUT THEN YOU KNOW,
I GROW UP ♪
♪ AND GOT A LITTLE BIT OLDER,
A LITTLE BIT BOLDER ♪
♪ BRUSHING OFF MY SHOULDERS,
ALMOST A MAN ♪
♪ THOSE PLAYGROUND FEELINGS
GREW STRONGER ♪
- [mumbling]
- ♪ COULDN'T WAIT MUCH LONGER ♪
♪ NOW WITH ME ♪
- ♪ ROLL-- ♪
- ♪ YOU BELONG, GIRL ♪
both: ♪ ROLL WITH ME,
ROLL WITH ME ♪
♪ LIGHT THE NIGHT ON FIRE
WITH ME ♪
- ♪ HERE'S YOUR VERSE,
TAKE IT RIGHT NOW ♪
- [mumbling]
- ♪ PRESENTATE ♪
♪ AND I AIN'T PLAYING ♪
♪ ON TOP OF THE GAME
AND THE LIFE I BE PLAYIN' ♪
♪ LISTEN CLOSE
TO THE [bleep] I BE SAYIN' ♪
[music stops]
- NO, WHAT THE HELL?
DON'T TURN IT OFF
JUST 'CAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW IT.
- WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO
WHEN WE GET TO VEGAS?
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO,
DON'T CHANGE THE SUBJECT
ABOUT WHAT WE GONNA DO IN VEGAS.
IF YOU DON'T KNOW THE WORDS,
JUST ADMIT
YOU DON'T KNOW THE WORDS.
- I KNOW THE WORDS.
I TOLD YOU.
WHY WOULD I MAKE UP
THAT I KNOW--DON'T KNOW--
THAT'S RIDICULOUS, MAN.
NO, I KNOW THE WORDS.
- IT SEEMS LIKE
YOU DIDN'T KNOW THE WORDS.
- I KNOW THE WOR--HEY, LIST--
HEY, LISTEN TO ME, MAN.
- WHAT? WHAT?
- I KNOW THE WORDS TO THAT SONG.
- OKAY. OKAY.
- EVERYBODY KNOWS.
- NO, NO, IT'S NOT OKAY, 'CAUSE
YOU OBVIOUSLY DON'T BELIEVE ME.
HEY, DUDE,
ON OUR FRIENDSHIP...
I KNOW THE WORDS
TO ROLL WITH ME.
- OKAY.
I'M SORRY.
- IT'S ALL RIGHT.
- JUST LET IT GO.
I'M SORRY.
THAT WAS STUPID.
STUPID.
- I'LL TURN IT BACK UP.
- HA, HA, YO!
I LOVE THAT TRACK SO MUCH.
I'M SORRY, I GOT TO PLAY IT
AGAIN. THIS IS ROLL WITH ME.
101.3 K-BEAT.
- ♪ ROLL WITH ME,
ROLL WITH ME ♪
- ♪ LIGHT THE NIGHT ON FIRE
WITH ME ♪
- [grunts, sniffs]
YEAH, THAT REALLY HURT.
[haunting Western music]
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET'S DO THE SCENE
WHERE YOU'RE PACINO
AND I'M DE NIRO FROM HEAT.
- OH, ALL RIGHT.
- OKAY.
[imitating De Niro]
SO...
YOU GOT TO KNOW,
I GET A CHANCE TO TAKE YOU OUT,
I'M GONNA TAKE THAT SHOT.
- [imitating Pacino]
I NEED YOU TO KNOW...
THAT I WILL DO THE SAME.
- I UNDERSTAND.
- I NEED YOU TO UNDERSTAND
AS WELL THAT I UNDERSTAND.
- [normal voice]
IS THIS TOO MUCH?
THAT'S A LITTLE TOO MUCH.
IT LOOKS LIKE
SOMEONE'S GRABBING YOUR--
OR HOLDING, LIKE,
THE TIP OF YOUR PENIS.
LOOKS LIKE
SOMEBODY'S JUST, LIKE,
PINCHING THE TIP
OF YOUR PENIS.
LIKE YOU'RE GOING,
"HOYGEN."
- MM-HMM, MM-HMM.
[light jazz music]
♪ ♪
- GIVE ME A ROLL.
- WHICH ONE YOU WANT?
- GIVE ME BOTH OF THEM, MAN.
- OKAY.
- I'LL DECIDE WHICH ONE I WANT
WHEN I WANT TO EAT IT.
- MAYBE YOU WANT SOME
OF THESE VEGETABLES TOO?
- NAH, NAH.
- OKAY.
JUST SAYING, MAN.
THE NUTRIENTS IS GOOD FOR
MAINTAINING ENERGY LEVELS, SO...
- I KNOW WHAT THE [bleep]
A VEGETABLE IS, MAN.
DON'T TELL ME
WHAT A VEGETABLE IS, MAN.
HEY.
I'M A GROWN-ASS MAN,
ALL RIGHT?
- MM-HMM. MM-HMM.
YEAH, I'M SORRY.
THIS THREE-BEAN SALAD
IS THE BOMB, THOUGH.
- OH, SNAP.
THEY GOT THREE-BEAN SALAD
UP IN THERE?
- MM-HMM.
- I DIDN'T EVEN SEE THAT.
- YOU WANT SOME OF MINE?
- YEAH.
- OKAY.
OPEN THE HANGAR.
- WHAT YOU DOING?
NUH-UH.
YOU DON'T DO THAT.
YOU DON'T FEED ME
LIKE A KID, MAN.
I'M A GROWN-ASS MAN.
- OKAY. YEAH, SURE.
YOU GOT SOME SCHMUTZ
RIGHT HERE.
- HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY!
GET OFF MY FACE, [bleep]!
YOU NEVER TOUCH
A GROWN MAN'S FACE!
- THAT'S RIGHT.
I'M SORRY, OKAY?
YOU ARE A GROWN-ASS--
- HEY, HEY, HEY!
I DON'T NEED YOU
TO PAT MY BACK!
I'M A GROWN-ASS MAN!
WHAT YOU DOING?
- I KNOW YOU'RE A GROWN--
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT ANYMORE
ABOUT GROWN-ASS MAN.
- THAT'S WHAT I AM.
- I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT--
- WHY YOU HAVE TO TREAT ME--
- SHH. SHH.
- YOU'RE TREATING ME
LIKE A KID.
- THIS IS NOT THE PLACE
FOR THIS KIND OF--
- [whimpering]
- DON'T START ACTING UP AGAIN.
- 'CAUSE YOU'RE MAKING ME ANGRY.
- OKAY.
THEN I NEED YOU
TO BREATHE A LITTLE BIT.
CAN YOU BREATHE?
- [sniffling, exhaling deeply]
- TAKE A BREATH.
JUST BREATHE.
- DON'T YOU TELL ME
HOW TO BREATHE.
- NO, [bleep],
I WANT A MOTHER[bleep]
INSIDE VOICE UP IN THIS BITCH.
DON'T BE GETTING LOUD
UP AROUND THESE WHITE PEOPLE.
- YOU TREAT ME LIKE A BABY,
BUT I'M NOT A BABY.
- ARE YOU NOT A BABY?
- I'M NOT A BABY.
- WHO PEE-PEED THEIRSELF?
- [crying]
- WHO LEFT THE PEE-PEE, HUH?
- I PEE-PEED.
- DID YOU PEE-PEE YOURSELF?
- JUST A LITTLE BIT.
- OKAY, THEN LET'S GO TO
THE BATHROOM AND CHANGE, OKAY?
- I DON'T WANT TO CHANGE.
- YOU GOT TO CHANGE.
- GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF ME!
- IS THAT HOW WE BEHAVE?
- [whining]
- STUPID BITCH!
- [gasps]
OH!
OH, I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
YOU A GROWN-ASS MAN.
- [crying]
- ARE YOU A--
WHO'S A GROWN-ASS MAN?
YOU A GROWN-ASS MAN. OKAY?
- I AM.
- YOU A GROWN-ASS MAN, RIGHT?
- AND YOU KNOW
WHAT GROWN-ASS MEN DO?
YOU GO TO THE BATHROOM
AND CHANGE YOUR PANTS
WHEN YOU GOT
THE PEE-PEE, RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- YEAH? OKAY, LET'S GO.
LET'S GO, ALL RIGHT?
EXCUSE ME, EVERYBODY.
I'M SORRY, BUT MY SON GOT
THAT BENJAMIN BUTTON'S DISEASE.
UM, HE'S FOUR.
- 4 3/4.
[haunting Western music]
[explosion, people gasp]
[car alarms blaring]
[people screaming]
[sirens wailing]
- YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD BE
THE WORST WAY TO DIE?
- OH, GOD.
- IF--I'M HANGING FROM A CLIFF,
AND YOU'RE HOLDING ON TO ME,
AND I'M LIKE, MAKING
EYE CONTACT.
- RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT.
- AND THEN I GO...
[gasps]
- OH, NO. AND YOU LET GO OF ME?
- NO.
- OR YOU SLIPPED? YOU SLIPPED?
- I SLIPPED...
- YOU SLIPPED.
- BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T HOLD ME
LONG ENOUGH.
- THE MOMENT THAT YOU KNOW
THAT YOU SLIPPED,
AND YOU KNOW YOU'RE DONE.
- AND I QUESTION WHETHER
OR NOT YOU LET ME GO ON PURPOSE.
- I GUARANTEE YOU I WOULD
NOT LET YOU GO ON PURPOSE.
CAN I SAY SOMETHING TO YOU...
- YEAH.
- THAT'S JUST FOR MY OWN THING?
I DON'T MEAN TO BE SELFISH,
BUT I'M JUST GONNA SAY THIS.
- OKAY.
- YOU GOT SWEATY PALMS.
THERE'S A REALLY GOOD CHANCE
OF YOU SLIPPING
RIGHT THE [bleep]
OUT OF MY HAND.
- ♪ I'M GONNA DO
MY ONE LINE HERE ♪
- OH, YEAH.
- EVERY DAY
I'D GIVE HIM WEDGIES.
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO DON'T KNOW,
A WEDGIE IS WHEN YOU
TAKE SOMEONE'S UNDERWEAR...
- THEY'RE FULLY AWARE
OF WHAT A WEDGIE IS.
- AND YOU EMASCULATE HIM!
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
LEAVE.
- AND THAT'S WHAT I HAVE TO LIVE
WITH NOW EVERY DAY OF MY LIFE.
THANK YOU.